docs/docs/get_started: fixing typos in quickstart.mdx (#15025)
langchain-ai/langchain: docs/docs/get_started/quickstart.mdx

### Output parsers

> `OutputParsers` converts the raw output of a language model into a format that can be used downstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`OutputParser`s convert the raw output of a language model into a format that can be used downstream.
```
